[CLIENT-2114] Clarify we don't officially support Alpine Linux (#474)
aerospike/aerospike-client-python: README.rst

Compatibility
-------------

The Python client for Aerospike works with Python 3.7 - 3.11 and supports the following OS'es:

* macOS 11 and 12
* CentOS 7 Linux
* RHEL 8 and 9
* Amazon Linux 2023
* Debian 10, 11, and 12
* Ubuntu 20.04 and 22.04

> The client is also verified to run on these OS'es, but we don't officially support them (i.e we don't distribute musllinux wheels or fix bugs specifically for these OS'es):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The client is also verified to run on these operating systems, but we do not officially support them (i.e we don't distribute wheels or prioritize fixing bugs for these OSes):
```
